Explain why the number of affected rows can be a string (#5872)
doctrine/dbal: UPGRADE.md

# BC Break: The number of affected rows is returned as `int|string`

The signatures of the methods returning the number of affected rows changed as returning `int|string` instead of `int`.

> If the number is greater than `PHP_INT_MAX`, the number of affected rows will be returned as a `string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the number is greater than `PHP_INT_MAX`, the number of affected rows may be returned as a string if the driver supports it.
```

As you already found out, not all drivers will act that way.
